docs: fix typo in mmst.md (#178)
instadeepai/jumanji: docs/environments/mmst.md

## Reward

> An agent receives a reward of 10.0 every step it gets a valid connection, a reward of -1.0 if it does not
> connect and an extra penalty of -1.0 if choses an invalid action.

Reviewer: I would take this opportunity to further improve the doc.
```suggestion
At every step, an agent receives a reward of 10.0 if it gets a valid connection, a reward of -1.0 if it does not
connect and an extra penalty of -1.0 if it chooses an invalid action.
```
